doc: @Blocking (#7228)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-core: src/main/docs/guide/httpServer/serverConfiguration/threadPools/atBlocking.adoc

You can use the ann:core.annotation.Blocking[] annotation to mark methods as blocking.

If you set `micronaut.server.thread-selection` to `AUTO`, The Micronaut Framework offloads the execution of methods annotated with `@Blocking` to the IO thread pool (See: api:io.micronaut.scheduling.TaskExecutors[]).

> NOTE: `@Blocking` only works if you are using `AUTO` thread selection. Micronaut Framework defaults to `MANUAL` thread selection since Micronaut 2.0. We recommend the usage of ann:scheduling.annotation.ExecuteOn[] annotation to execute the blocking operations on a different thread. `@ExecutesOn` works for both `MANUAL` or `AUTO` thread selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: `@Blocking` only works if you are using `AUTO` thread selection. Micronaut defaults to `MANUAL` thread selection since Micronaut 2.0. We recommend the usage of ann:scheduling.annotation.ExecuteOn[] annotation to execute the blocking operations on a different thread pool. `@ExecutesOn` works for both `MANUAL` and `AUTO` thread selection.
```

Reviewer 2: Micronaut should not be used as a noun to match the brand guidelines. Hence, the `Micronaut Framework`

Reviewer 2: I have incorporated most of your suggestions here: https://github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-core/pull/7228/commits/e33ddf10c1321a439bae20b0d7f40ad6ebef9878

Reviewer: There are gazillion places where simply "Micronaut" is used. Enforcing "Micronaut Framework" in every occurrence in the documentation is quite inappropriate, to say the least.

> There are some places where the Micronaut framework uses ann:core.annotation.Blocking[] already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some places where the Micronaut framework uses ann:core.annotation.Blocking[] internally:
```

Reviewer 2: why do you want to add internally? It is public facing API.

Reviewer: What I mean is that it's implementation details. This piece of documentation is for educating users about how certain things are _internally_ implemented. It is a public API, yes, but still it's implementation details that won't affect them nor something they need to handle specifically.

|===
|Blocking Type|Description

|link:{micronautapi}http/client/BlockingHttpClient.html[BlockingHttpClient]

> | Intended for testing, and provides blocking versions for a subset of api:http.client.HttpClient[] operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Intended for testing, provides blocking versions for a subset of api:http.client.HttpClient[] operations.
```

|link:{micronautapi}core/io/IOUtils.html[IOUtils]
| Reads the contents of a `BufferedReader` in a blocking manner, and returns that as a `String`.
|link:{micronautapi}context/env/BootstrapPropertySourceLocator.html[BootstrapPropertySourceLocator]
| Resolves either remote or local api:context.env.PropertySource[] instances for the current `Environment`.

|===

> TIP: https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-data/latest/guide/[Micronaut Data] also utilizes `@Blocking` for some transaction operations, CRUD interceptors, and repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-data/latest/guide/[Micronaut Data] also utilizes `@Blocking` internally for some transaction operations, CRUD interceptors, and repositories.
```

Reviewer 2: why do you want to add internally? It is public-facing API. E.g. CrudRepository.

Reviewer: See above.
